By clicking the 'ELECT' button, you elect the coverage(s) reflected above and your first payment is due by 09/03/2023. Your first premium payment amount must include all premiums due for coverage from the date coverage would have otherwise terminated through the last day of the monthly coverage period ending on or before this date, which is 45 days after the date of your election. For example, if coverage ended on January 31 and an election to continue coverage was made March 15, premiums for February AND March must be paid by April 29, the 45th day after the date of the election. If coverage ended on January 22 instead of January 31, you would owe premiums for the nine remaining coverage days in January in addition to the premiums for February and March (premiums for April would be due no later than May 1). If your payment is not made by this date, you lose your right to COBRA continuation coverage. For a detailed overview of our legal requirements under COBRA, please review the additional information included in the COBRA election notice originally mailed to you.

I authorize the benefit election I have selected above. In addition, I agree to the following terms and conditions:

    I am not selecting coverage above that which was in effect at the time of my qualifying event.

    I understand that any COBRA election I make is assumed to include an election for all other qualified beneficiaries identified above except as specified otherwise above.

    I understand that COBRA coverage may terminate before the end of the maximum applicable coverage period if I become, after the date of my election, entitled to Medicare (under Part A, Part B, or both) or become covered under another group health plan (so long as that group health plan does not contain a pre-existing condition limitation or exclusion that can be applied to me).

    I agree to remit the full premium due on or before each specified payment deadline date. I understand that coverage will be canceled if payments are not remitted by the deadline. I further understand that if my coverage is canceled for non-payment or late payment of premiums, it cannot be reinstated.

    I understand that I may receive courtesy monthly invoices for my convenience only, and that I am responsible for timely payment regardless of whether or not I have received an invoice..

    I understand that claims may not be paid by the insurance carrier(s) until my initial premium payment has been received, processed, and applied.

    I understand that my coverage options and rates may change at any time, at the discretion of the plan sponsor.

    I agree to provide written notice of any change regarding address, eligibility, marital status, dependent status, or disability status.

    I agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of any applicable group health plan contracts.

    Finally, I certify that the above statements are complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge and that I have read the COBRA Election Notice mailed to me and the additional information included in the COBRA FAQ.


I hereby elect COBRA.