You may use this website to review your coverage options under COBRA and complete your COBRA election online.

Riot Games has retained our services to notify you* of your* right to COBRA continuation coverage under its group health benefit plan(s) (the “Plan(s)”). Before continuing, please read the additional information included in the notice regarding your COBRA continuation coverage originally mailed to you. This document contains detailed information regarding your rights under COBRA. To view Frequently Asked Questions related to COBRA, click here.

If you meet all applicable eligibility requirements and choose to elect COBRA continuation coverage, your coverage will begin on 07/01/2023.

If you wish to elect coverage, you may complete this online election process or you may complete and return the election form included in your mailed COBRA election notice. You must complete your online election or return your completed election form on or before the due date reflected above and on your election form. If your election is not completed or postmarked by this date, you will lose your right to elect COBRA coverage.

If you choose to elect COBRA coverage, you must make your initial COBRA coverage premium payment(s) within 45 days of the postmark date of your election (if mailed) or the date on which you finalize your election on this Web site (the “Election Date”). You should complete only one election option. If we receive your election online and via mail, your initial payment due date will be based on the earlier Election Date. To avoid cancellation, your initial payment(s) must include all premiums due for the period beginning with your loss of coverage through the last day of the monthly coverage period ending on or before the 45th day following your Election Date. Subsequent payments are due on the first day of each month and will be returned to you if not postmarked within 30 days of this due date. If your COBRA continuation coverage is canceled for any reason, including non-payment or late payment of premiums, it cannot be reinstated.

Upon your election, you may receive a courtesy invoice or coupons for the cost of COBRA coverage from the date on which you lost or will lose active coverage under the Plan(s) through the end of the current month. However, if you do not receive an invoice for any reason, you must still pay the required premium by the applicable due date. Premium payments are considered paid on the date you mail them (as evidenced by the postmark date). You must make full payment within the required time period, including a grace period, to prevent cancellation. If you submit any premium payment after the required deadline date, or if you submit any premium payment and are otherwise ineligible for coverage, these payments will be refunded to you. Our acceptance of premium payments is not an indication that coverage is in force. If you choose to elect COBRA online, you will have the opportunity to print your initial invoice immediately.

If you have any questions or need additional assistance please contact us at 877-864-9546.

*The terms “you” and “your” refer equally to each qualified beneficiary identified in this online election process.

I have read and understand this section and I wish to go to the online COBRA election form.